"Sick things.."
"Adjust the tint on your TV so that all the people are green, and insist to others that you like it that way."
"Drum on every available surface."
"Sing the Batman theme incessantly."
"Staple papers in the middle of the page."
"Ask 800 operators for dates."
"Produce a rental video consisting entirely of dire FBI copy warnings."
"Sew anti-theft detector strips into people's backpacks."
"Hide dairy products in inaccessible places."
"Write the surprise ending to a novel on its first page."
"Specify that your drive-through order is to go."
"Set alarms for random times."
"Learn Morse code, and have conversations with friends in public consisting entirely of Beeeep Bip Bip Beeeep Bip..."
"Buy large quantities of mint dental floss just to lick the flavor off."
"Order a side of pork rinds with your filet mignon."
"Instead of Gallo, serve Night Train next Thanksgiving."
"Leave your Nine Inch Nails tape in Great Uncle Ed's stereo, with the volume properly adjusted."
"Publicly investigate just how slowly you can make a croaking noise."
"Honk and wave to strangers."
"Dress only in clothes colored Hunter's Orange."
"Change channels five minutes before the end of every show."
"Tape pieces of Sweating to the Oldies over climactic parts of rental movies."
"Wear your pants backwards."
"Decline to be seated at a restaurant, and simply eat their complementary mints by the cash register."
"Begin all your sentences with ooh la la!"
"Rouse your roommates from slumber each morning with Lou Reed's Metal Machine Music."
"Leave someones printer in compressed-italic-cyrillic-landscape mode."
"ONLY TYPE IN UPPERCASE."
"only type in lowercase."
"dont use any punctuation either"
"Buy a large quantity of orange traffic cones and reroute whole streets."
"Pay for your dinner with pennies."
"Tie jingle bells to all your clothes."
"Repeat everything someone says, as a question."
"Write X - BURIED TREASURE in random spots on all of someone's roadmaps."
"Repeat the following conversation a dozen times: Do you hear that? What? Never mind, it's gone now."
"Light road flares on a birthday cake."
"Wander around the restaurant, asking other diners for their parsley."
"Leave tips in Bolivian currency."
"Demand that everyone address you as Conquistador."
"Push all the flat Lego pieces together tightly."
"At the laundromat, use one dryer for each of your socks."
"When Christmas carolling, sing Jingle Bells, Batman smells until physically restrained."
"Wear a cape that says Magnificent One."
"As much as possible, skip rather than walk."
"Stand over someone's shoulder, mumbling, as they read."
"Finish the 99 bottles of beer song."
"Leave your turn signal on for fifty miles."
"Pretend your mouse is a CB radio, and talk to it."
"Try playing the William Tell Overture by tapping on the bottom of your chin. When nearly done, announce no, wait, I messed it up, and repeat."
"Drive half a block."
"Name your dog Dog"
"Inform others that they exist only in your imagination."
"Ask people what gender they are."
"Reply to everything someone says with that's what YOU think."
"Lick the filling out of all the Oreos, and place the cookie parts back in the tray."
"Cultivate a Norwegian accent. If Norwegian, affect a Southern Drawl."
"Forget the punchline to a long joke, but assure the listener it was a real hoot."
"Routinely handcuff yourself to furniture, informing the curious that you don't want to fall off in case the big one comes."
"Sculpt your hedges into anatomically suggestive shapes."
"Follow a few paces behind someone, spraying everything they touch with a can of Lysol."
"Deliberately hum songs that will remain lodged in co-workers' brains, such as Feliz Navidad, the Archies' Sugar or the Mr Rogers theme song."
"While making presentations, occasionally bob your head like a parakeet."
"Lie obviously about trivial things such as the time of day."
"Make beeping noises when a large person backs up."
"Leave your Christmas lights up and lit until September."
"Change your name to John Aaaaasmith for the great glory of being first in the phone book. Claim it's a Hawaiian name, and demand that people pronounce each A."
"Sit in your front yard pointing a hair dryer at passing cars to see if they slow down."
"Chew on pens that you've borrowed."
"Invent nonsense computer jargon in conversations, and see if people play along to avoid the appearance of ignorance."
"Wear a LOT of cologne."
"Ask to interface with someone."
"Listen to 33rpm records at 45rpm speed, and claim the faster speed is necessary because of your superior mental processing."
"Sing along at the opera."
"Mow your lawn with scissors."
"At a golf tournament, chant swing-batatatatatata-suhWING-batter!"
"Finish all your sentences with the words in accordance with prophesy."
"Ask the waitress for an extra seat for your imaginary friend."
"Go to a poetry recital and ask why each poem doesn't rhyme."
"Ask your co-workers mysterious questions, and scribble their answers in a notebook. Mutter something about psychological profiles."
"Incessantly recite annoying phrases, such as sticky wicket isn't cricket."
"Stare at static on the tv and claim you can see a magic picture."
"Select the same song on the jukebox fifty times."
"Scuff your feet on a dry, shaggy carpet and seek out victims."
"Do not add any inflection to the end of your sentences, producing awkward silences with the impression that you'll be saying more any moment."
"Never make eye contact."
"Never break eye contact."
"Signal that a conversation is over by clamping your hands over your ears."
"Construct elaborate crop circles in your front lawn."
"Construct your own pretend tricorder, and scan people with it, announcing the results."
"Give a play-by-play account of a person's every action in a nasal Howard Cossell voice."
"Holler random numbers while someone is counting."
"Make appointments for the 31st of September."
"Invite lots of people to other people's parties."
"Vary your vehicle's speed inversely with the speed limit."
"Roll down your windows and blast talk radio. Attempt to headbang."
"At stop lights, eye the person in the next car suspiciously. With a look of fear, lock your doors."
"Two words: Chicken suit."
"Have conversations, looking periodically at the passenger seat,  when driving alone."
"Laugh a lot. A whole lot."
"Stop at the green lights."
"Go at the red ones."
"Occasionally wave a stuffed animal/troll doll/Barbie out your window or sunroof. Feel free to make it dance."
"Eat food that requires silverware."
"Pass cars, then drive very slowly."
"Sing without having the radio on."
"Honk frequently without motivation."
"Wave at people often. If they wave back, offer an angry look and an obscene gesture."
"Ask people for Grey Poupon."
"Let pedestrians know who's boss."
"Look behind you frequently, with a very paranoid look."
"Restart your car at every stop light."
"Hang numerous car-fresheners in the rear-view mirror."
"Talk to them, stroking them lovingly."
"Lob burning things in the windows of smokers who throw their butts out the window."
"While stopped at a light, urinate out the window/sunroof onto other cars."
"Paint your car with occult symbols."
"Keep at least five cats in the car."