"Yo Mamma Jokes (PT 2)"
"Yo momma so ugly that your father takes her to work with him so that he doesn't have to kiss her goodbye."
"Yo momma so old I told her to act her own age, and the bitch died."
"Yo momma so old she has Jesus' beeper number!"
"Yo momma so old her social security number is 1!"
"Yo momma so old that when God said let the be light, she hit the switch"
"Yo momma so old that when she was in school there was no history class."
"Yo momma so old she owes Jesus 3 bucks!"
"Yo momma so old she's in Jesus's yearbook!"
"Yo momma so old she has a picture of Moses in her yearbook."
"Yo momma so old her birth certificate says expired on it."
"Yo momma so old she knew Burger King while he was still a prince."
"Yo momma so old she owes Jesus a nickel."
"Yo momma so old when God said Let their be light, she flipped the switch."
"Yo momma so old she was a waitress at the Last Supper."
"Yo momma so old she ran track with dinosaurs."
"Yo momma so old her birth certificate is in Roman numerals."
"Yo momma so old she has a picture of Moses in her yearbook."
"Yo momma so old she sat behind Jesus in the third grade."
"Yo momma so old and stupid she knew the Virgin Mary when she was 10 and said, Li'l Mary will never amount to anything"
"Yo momma so poor when I saw her kicking a can down the street, I asked her what she was doing, she said Moving."
"Yo momma so poor she can't afford to pay attention!"
"Yo momma so poor when I ring the doorbell I hear the toilet flush!"
"Yo momma so poor when she goes to KFC, she has to lick other people's fingers!!!"
"Yo momma so poor when I ring the doorbell she says,DING!"
"Yo momma so poor she went to McDonald's and put a milkshake on layaway."
"Yo momma so poor your family ate cereal with a fork to save milk."
"Yo momma so poor she goes to Kentucky Fried Chicken to lick other people's fingers."
"Yo momma so poor her face is on the front of a foodstamp."
"Yo momma so poor she was in K-Mart with a box of Hefty bags.  I said, What ya doin? She said, Buying luggage."
"Yo momma so poor she drives a peanut."
"Yo momma so poor she waves around a popsicle stick and calls it air conditioning."
"Yo momma so dark she went to night school and was marked absent!"
"Yo momma so dark she spits chocolate milk!"
"Yo momma so dark she went to night school and was marked absent."
"Yo momma so dark that she can leave fingerprints on charcoal."
"Yo momma so dark she has to wear white gloves when she eats Tootsie Rolls to keep from eating her fingers."
"Yo momma so dirty she has to creep up on bathwater."
"Yo momma so short she poses for trophies!"
"Yo momma so short you can see her feet on her drivers lisence!"
"Yo momma so short she has to use a ladder to pick up a dime."
"Yo momma so short she can play handball on the curb."
"Yo momma so short she does backflips under the bed."
"Yo momma so short she models for trophys."
"Yo momma so nasty when she goes to a hair salon, she told the stylist to cut her hair and she opened up her shirt"
"Yo momma so nasty She gotta put ice down her drawers to keep the crabs fresh!"
"Yo momma so nasty she made speed stick slow down."
"Yo momma so nasty she brings crabs to the beach"
"Yo momma so nasty she made right guard turn left."
"Yo momma so nasty the fishery be paying her to leave"
"Yo momma so nasty she has to creep up on bathwater."
"Yo momma so nasty that her shit is glad to escape."
"Yo momma so nasty Ozzie Ozbourne refused to bite her head off"
"Yo momma so nasty that pours salt water down her pants to keep her crabs fresh."
"Yo momma so nasty I called her for phone sex and she gave me an ear infection."
"Yo momma like potato chips-- Fri-to Lay"
"Yo momma like a screen door, after a couple bangs she tends to loosen up! "
"Yo momma like the pillbury doughboy - everyone gets a poke!"
"Yo momma like a doorknob - everyone gets a turn!"
"Yo momma like a T.V. set, even a three year old can turn her on!"
"Yo momma like a doorknob, everyone gets a turn!"
"Yo momma like a bus, fifty cents and she's ready to ride!"
"Yo momma like a golf course, everyone GETS a hole in one!"
"Yo momma like the railway system, she gets laid all over the country!"
"Yo momma like a tomato source bottle, everyone gets a squeeze out of her!"
"Yo momma like a shotgun: one cock and she blows!"
"Yo momma like a hardware store: 4 cents a screw!"
"Yo momma like Domino's pizza-- Something for nothing"
"Yo momma like a refridgerator: everyone likes to put their meat in her!"
"Yo momma like cake mix, 15 servings per package!"
"Yo momma like a rifle... four cocks and she's loaded."
"Yo momma like a bowling ball.  She's picked up, fingered, and then thrown in the gutter."
"Yo momma like a bus:  Guys climb on and off her all day long."
"Yo momma like a Toyota: Oh what a feelin'!"
"Yo momma like Orange Crush: Good Vibrations!"
"Yo momma like a bubble-gum machine... five cents a blow."
"Yo momma like chinese food:  sweet, sour and cheap!"
"Yo momma like a vaccuum cleaner.....a real good suck."
"Yo momma so hairy you almost died of rugburn at birth!"
"Yo momma so hairy she's got afros on her nipples!"
"Yo momma so hairy she look like she got Buchwheat in a headlock."
"Yo momma so hairy even bigfoor wants her picture!"
"Yo momma so hairy she wears a Nike tag on her weave so now everybody calls her Hair Jordan."
"Yo momma so slutty she could suck-start a Harley!"
"Yo momma so slutty she could suck the chrome off a trailer hitch ball!"
"Yo momma so slutty when she got a new mini skirt, everyone commented on her nice belt!"
"Yo momma so slutty she was on the cover of wheaties, with her legs open, and it said breakfast of the champs" 
"Yo momma so slutty that I could've been your daddy, but the guy in line behind me had the correct change."
"Yo momma so slutty she had her own Hands across her ass charity drive"
"Yo momma so slutty that when she heard Santa Claus say HO HO HO she thought she was getting it three times."
"Yo momma so slutty I fucked her and I's a chick!"
"Yo momma so slutty she blind and seeing another man."
"Yo momma nose so big you can go bowling with her boogers!"
"Yo momma nose so big she makes Pinochio look like a cat!"
"Yo momma so greasy she used bacon as a band-aid!"
"Yo momma so greasy she sweats Crisco!"
"Yo momma so greasy Texaco buys Oil from her"
"Yo momma teeth are so yellow traffic slows down when she smiles!"
"Yo momma teeth are so yellow she spits butter!"
"Yo momma so lazy she thinks a two-income family is where yo daddy has two jobs."
"Yo momma so skinny she hula hoops with a cheerio"
"Yo momma so skinny she has to wear a belt with spandex."
"Yo momma so skinny she turned sideways and dissapeared."
"Yo momma so bald even a wig wouldn't help!"
"Yo momma so bald you can see whats on her mind"
"Yo momma so bald that she took a shower and got brain-washed."
"Yo momma so tall she tripped over a rock and hit her head on the moon."
"Yo momma so tall she did a back-flip and kicked Jesus in the mouth."
"Yo momma so tall she tripped in Michigan and hit her head in Florida."
"Yo momma so flat she's jealous of the wall!"
"Yo momma's glasses are so thick that when she looks on a map she can see people waving."
"Yo momma's glasses are so thick she can see into the future."
"Yo momma has an afro with a chin strap."
"Yo momma has one leg and a bicycle."
"Yo momma has 4 eyes and 2 pair of sunglasses."
"Yo momma has so much hair on her upper lip, she braids it."
"Yo momma has one hand and a Clapper."
"Yo momma has a wooden afro with an X carved in the back."
"Yo momma has green hair and thinks she's a tree."
"Yo momma has one ear and has to take off her hat to hear what you're saying."
"Yo momma has a 'fro with warning lights."
"Yo momma has 10 fingers--all on the same hand."
"Yo momma has a glass eye with a fish in it."
"Yo momma has a short leg and walks in circles."
"Yo momma has a short arm and can't applaude."
"Yo momma got so many freckles she looks like a hamburger!"
"Yo momma got two wooden legs and one is one backward."
"Yo momma got three fingers and a banjo."
"Yo momma got a wooden leg with a kickstand on it."
"Yo momma got a bald head with a part and sideburns."
"Yo momma got a' afro, wit' a chin strap!!!!"
"Yo momma got a wooden leg with branches."
"Yo momma got so many teeth missing, it looks like her tounge is in jail."
"Yo momma got a metal afro with rusty sideburns."
"Yo momma house so small that when she orders a large pizza she had to go outside to eat it."
"Yo momma house so small she has to go outside to eat a large pizza."
"Yo momma house so small you have to go outside to change your mind."
"Yo momma house so dirty roaches ride around on dune buggies!"
"Yo momma house so dirty she has to wipe her feet before she goes outside."
"Yo momma hair so short when she braided it they looked like stiches."
"Yo momma hair so short she curls it with rice."
"Yo momma head so big she has to step into her shirts."
"Yo momma head so big it shows up on radar."
"Yo momma head so small she use a tea-bag as a pillow."
"Yo momma head so small that she got her ear pierced and died."
"Yo momma wears knee-pads and yells Curb Service!"
"Yo momma feet are so big her shoes have to have license plates!"
"Yo momma aint so bad...she would give you the hair off of her back!"
"Yo momma lips so big, Chap Stick had to invent a spray."
"It took yo momma 10 tries to get her drivers license, she couldnt get used to the front seat!"
"You were born out of your mother's arse 'cos her cunt was too busy."
"Yo momma hips are so big, people set their drinks on them."
"Yo momma hair so nappy she has to take Tylenol just to comb it."
"Yo momma so clumsy she got tangled up in a cordless phone."
"Yo momma so wrinkled, she has to screw her hat on."
"Yo momma twice the man you are."
"Yo momma cross-eyed and watches TV in stereo."
"Yo momma is missing a finger and can't count past 9."
"Yo momma arms are so short, she has to tilt her head to scratch her ear."
"Yo momma middle name is Rambo."
"Yo momma in a wheelchair and says, You ain't gonna puch me 'round no more."
"Yo momma rouchy, the McDonalds she works in doesn't even serve Happy Meals."
"Yo momma so stupid was born on Independence Day and can't remember her birthday."
"If my dog had a face as ugly as your momma's, I'd shave his ass and make him walk backwards."
"Yo momma mouth so big, she speaks in surround sound."
"Yo momma gums are so black she spits Yoo-hoo."
"Yo momma breath smell so bad when she yawns her teeth duck."
"I saw your momma at the freak show petting the world's largest turtle."
"I saw your momma kicking a can down the street. I asked her what she was doing,  and she said Moving."
"Yo momma teeth are so rotten, when she smiles they look like dice."
"Yo mamma so fat, she wore a X t-shirt, and a helicopter landed on her"
"Yo mama so skinny, she hang glides with a Dorito"
"Yo mama so stupid, she thinks hamburger helper comes with another person"
"Yo mama so stupid, she thinks menopause is a button"
"Yo momma so slutty that when she heard Santa Claus say HO HO HO she thought she was getting it three times."
