"Good reasons to Say no"
"I have to floss my cat."
"I want to spend more time with my blender."
"the President said he might drop in."
"the man on television told me to say tuned."
"I've been scheduled for a karma transplant."
"I'm staying home to work on my cottage cheese sculpture."
"it's my parakeet's bowling night."
"there's a disturbance in the Force."
"I'm doing door-to-door collecting for static cling."
"I have to go to the post office to see if I'm still wanted."
"I'm teaching my ferret to yodel."
"I'm trying to see how long I can go without saying yes."
"I'm in training to be a household pest."
"I'm getting my overalls overhauled."
"I'm attending the opening of my garage door."
"I'm sandblasting my oven."
"I'm going down to the bakery to watch the buns rise."
"I'm being deported."
"I'll be looking for a parking space."
"I'm taking punk totem pole carving."
"I have to fluff my shower cap."
"I'm converting my calendar watch from Julian to Gregorian."
"I've come down with a really horrible case of something or other."
"my plot to take over the world is thickening."
"I have to fulfill my potential."
"I have some real hard words to look up in the dictionary."
"I'm giving nuisance lessons at a convenience store."
"the last time I went, I never came back."
"none of my socks match."
"I'm having all my plants neutered."
"people are blaming me for the Spanish-American War."
"I changed the lock on my door and now I can't get out."
"I'm making a home movie called The Thing That Grew in My Refridgerator."
"I have to write an article for GNATS  "
"I'm attending a perfume convention as guest sniffer."
"I'm touring China with a wok band."
"my chocolate-appreciation class meets that night."
"I never go out on days that end in Y."
"my mother would never let me hear the end of it."
"there are important world issues that need worrying about."
"I promised to help a friend fold road maps."
"I feel a song coming on."
"I'm trying to be less popular."
"my bathroom tiles need grouting."
"my favorite commercial is on TV."
"I have to rotate my crops."
"I have to knit some dust bunnies for a charity bazaar."
"I have to go to court for kitty littering."
"I'm going to count the bristles in my toothbrush."
"I have to thaw some karate chops for dinner."
"I'm going to the Missing Persons Bureau to see if anyone is looking for me."
"my palm reader advised against it."
"I have to stay home and see if I snore."
"I have to sit up with a sick ant."
"I'm running for president "