"WEB INDUSTRY TERMINOLOGY"
"Dilberted:   To be exploited and oppressed by your boss. Derived from the   experiences of Dilbert, the geek-in-hell comic strip character.   I've been dilberted again. The old man revised the specs for the   fourth time this week. Link Rot The process by which links on a web page become as obsolete as the sites they're connected to, change location, or die."
"Chip Jewelry:   A euphemism for old computers destined to be scrapped or turned   into decorative ornaments. I paid three grand for that Mac SE, and now it's nothing but chip jewelry."
"Crapplet:  A badly written or profoundly useless Java applet. I just wasted   30 minutes downloading this stinkin' crapplet!"
"Plug-and-Play:  A new hire who doesn't need any training. The new guy, John, is   great. He's totally plug-and-play."
"World Wide Wait:  The real meaning of WWW."
"CGI Joe :  A hard-core CGI script programmer with all the social skills and  charisma of a plastic action figure."
"Dorito Syndrome:   Feelings of emptiness and dissatisfaction triggered by addictive substances that lack nutritional content. I just spent six hours surfing the Web, and now I've got a bad case of Dorito Syndrome." 
"Under Mouse Arrest:  Getting busted for violating an online service's rule of conduct.Sorry I couldn't get back to you. AOL put me under mouse arrest."
"Glazing:  Corporate-speak for sleeping with your eyes open. A popular  pastime at conferences and early-morning meetings. Didn't he notice that half the room was glazing by the second session?"
"404 :  Someone who's clueless. From the World Wide Web message  404, URL Not Found, meaning that the document you've tried to access can't be located. Don't bother asking him...he's 404, man."
"Dead Tree Edition:   The paper version of a publication available in both paper and   electronic forms, as in: The dead tree edition of the San   Francisco Chronicle..."
"Egosurfing:   Scanning the net, databases, print media, or research papers looking for the mention of your name."
"Graybar Land:  The place you go while you're staring at a computer that's   processing something very slowly (while you watch the gray bar   creep across the screen). I was in graybar land for what seemed   like hours, thanks to that CAD rendering."
"Open-Collar Workers:   People who work at home or telecommute."
"Squirt The Bird: To transmit a signal up to a satellite. Crew and talent are  ready...what time do we squirt the bird?"
"Brain Fart:   A biproduct of a bloated mind producing information effortlessly.   A burst of useful information. I know you're busy on the Microsoft story, but can you give us a brain fart on the Mitnik  bust? Variation of old hacker slang that had more negative connotations."
"Cobweb Site:  A World Wide Web Site that hasn't been updated for a long time.   A dead web page."
"It's a Feature:   From the adage It's not a bug, it's a feature. Used sarcastically   to describe an unpleasant experience that you wish to gloss over."
"Keyboard Plaque:  The disgusting buildup of dirt and crud found on computer   keyboards. Are there any other terminals I can use? This one has a bad case of keyboard plaque."
"Career-Limiting Move (CLM) :   Used among microserfs to describe an ill-advised activity.   Trashing your boss while he or she is within earshot is a serious   CLM."
"Elvis Year:   The peak year of something's popularity. Barney the dinosaur's   Elvis year was 1993."
"Alpha Geek:   The most knowledgable, technically proficient person in an office   or work group. Ask Larry, he's the alpha geek around here."
"Adminisphere:   The rarified organizational layers beginning just above the rank and file. Decisions that fall from the adminisphere are often profoundly inappropriate or irrelevant to the problems they were designed to solve."
"Tourists:  People who are taking training classes just to get a vacation from   their jobs. We had about three serious students in the class; the rest were tourists."
"Blowing Your Buffer:   Losing one's train of thought. Occurs when the person you are   speaking with won't let you get a word in edgewise or has just said something so astonishing that your train gets derailed. Damn, I just blew my buffer!"
"Gray Matter:   Older, experienced business people hired by young entrpreneurial   firms looking to appear more reputable and established."
"Bookmark:   To take note of a person for future reference (a metaphor   borrowed from web browsers). I bookmarked him after seeing   his cool demo at Siggraph."
"Nyetscape:   Nickname for AOL's less-than-full-featured Web browser."
"Beepilepsy:   The brief siezure people sometimes suffer when their beepers go   off, especially in vibrator mode. Characterized by physical   spasms, goofy facial expressions, and stopping speech in   mid-sentence."
"Salmon Day:  The experience of spending an entire day swimming upstream  only to get screwed in the end."